[ASM] - Expander - Initialization (#28724)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexAttackSurfaceManagement/ReleaseNotes/1_6_27.md

#### Incident Fields

Updated the following fields to no longer be hidden.
- **ASM - Service Detection**
- **ASM - Service Owner Unranked Raw**
- **ASM - Data Collection**

#### Playbooks

##### Cortex ASM - Remediation Path Rules

> - Updated the playbook to work on playbook re-run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the playbook to work on playbook rerun.
```

##### Cortex ASM - ASM Alert

> - Updated the playbook to work on playbook re-run by initializing all fields in beginning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the playbook to work on playbook rerun by initializing all fields in the beginning.
```

Are you initializing all fields or clearing the values from all fields?

Author: could be effectively doing both depending if it is on first playbook run or not.  Mostly doing the 2nd (clearing values).
